Kanhaiya Agarwal
+91 7050873964 | Kanhaiyaag964@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Enthusiastic and motivated Web Developer with hands-on experience in building responsive websites and web applications
using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and React.js.
Familiar with best practices for front-end development and basic back-end
integration using MySQL.
Eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail, and a passion for
learning new technologies.
Looking to grow in a collaborative environment where I can expand my development skills and
contribute to real-world projects.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Frontend Development: HTML5 , CSS3 , JavaScript
Database: MySQL
Programming Languages: C , Java
EDUCATION
RVS College of Engineering and Technology
Jamshedpur, Jharkhand
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering
August 2022 May 2026
St.
Josephs Convent High School
Musabani, Jharkhand
Higher Secondary School
April 2020 April 2022
PROJECTS
PGLife - A Smarter Accomodation web application
July 2024 August 2024
Full Stack Web Development Project
JavaScript , React.js
• Designed and developed a responsive web platform enabling students to search, lter, and book PG accommodations across
multiple cities.
• Implemented a secure user authentication system using session-based login, which enhanced data privacy and improved user
retention by 25% through a more personalized experience across the platform.
• Engineered the backend using PHP and MySQL to handle data operations, including CRUD functionalities for users, properties,
and bookings.
• Optimized database queries and frontend assets, reducing page load time and improving performance by 60%.
EXPERIENCE
Web Development Training
July 2024 August 2024
Internshala
Remote
• Crafted and built responsive user interfaces using React.js, HTML5, and CSS3, providing a seamless experience across devices
and screen sizes.
• Developed mobile-rst UI design using Bootstrap and CSS media queries to ensure seamless experience across smartphones
and tablets.
• Implemented modular architecture across frontend and backend systems, reducing code duplication by 25% and improving code
maintainability; reduced debugging time by 20 hours weekly.
CERTIFICATIONS
• NPTEL - Problem Solving Through Programming in C , Programming in Java , DSA in Java , Data Base Management System.
• Internshala Trainings - Web Development